log.md, before:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

I've finally decided to commit to commits on Github. I logged my first day on FreeCodeCamp on Jan 1, 2018, however, it is long past due of writing it all down.

Day 1: February 21, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Completed a portfolio I can be proud of, successfully got my weather app to change backgrounds by using the weather descriptions and a flickr API, got my tail handed to me on CodeClash, and dove into recursion on KhanAcademy
  (it's winter break :)
  - Thoughts: I struggle with mathy CS principles that are new and  with getting CSS to do what I want. I think I will do CodingGame CodeClash everyday in order to hone my skillz. I'm so happy I got my weather app finished!! 
  - Link to work: https://codepen.io/mckelveygreg/
  
 Day 2: February 22, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Actually finished a CodeClash! a simple if/then counter. Learned about merge sorting with Khan, started the wiki viewer project, spent some time on w3schools.com learning about forms, found movethewebforward.com, starting to dive into jquery with learn.jquery.com, finally decided I should write all this down so I forked 100daysofcode, learning how to use github
  - Thoughts: Khan is killin' me, but it is good to know the upper bounds of my CS limits, apparently w3schools.com sucks and is a scam so need to move on from them, learn.jquery.com looks promising, github is really confusing for the time being. 

 Day 3: February 23, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Worked through Khan's Quicksort Algorithms, lost a CodingClash about summing powers..., tried to get momentum on the FCC wiki viewer project, read ch. 1 and 2 of Clean Code
  - Thoughts: Khan is still over my head but it feels like good exposure, I need to give the wiki viewer a break till i understand more of what is going on for json/ajax
  
 Day 4: Feb 24, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Worked through MDN's HTML tuts and finished with their markup assessment.
  - Thoughts: I would like to make it through MDN's tuts, plus it is nice to feel like my practice is paying off... 
  - Link to Work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/html/introduction-to-html/marking-up-a-letter-start/letter-text.html
 
 Day 5: Feb 25, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Was able to do some work on SoloLearn's CSS tuts on a road trip up from Eugene.
  - Thoughts: Thank goodness for SoloLearn! They have really helped when I've been up a creek without access to my laptop!
 
 Day 6: Feb 26, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Loaded a bunch of plugin's to Visual Studio. Finished MDN's HTML with their Structuring a Page TUT. Also, had to retype the last few days because I forgot to save this log... :/
  - Thoughts: I'm liking working from a real IDE instead of doing everything just through codepen, despite it being so handy. I need to learn how to post my own stuff! 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/4d25e4d4d6ff8712d13a0db8aa341fe94a2c4dce/html/introduction-to-html/structuring-a-page-of-content-start/index.html

 Day 7: Feb 27, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Made it through MDN's multimedia and embeding tuts, just need to do the assesement.
  - Thoughts: I really hope this is time well spent. I'm getting much more fluent with HTML and the web, but I feel like i'm moving too slow... 
 
 Day 8: Feb 28, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did the MDN HTML multimedia and embeding assesement. Also read some clean code in the morning.
  - Thoughts: Glad I was able to get anything done after today's basketball game vs the students! Also, applied for a Reventure Job in Eugene... had to put my major as Education because Theology wasn't an option... 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/html/multimedia-and-embedding/mdn-splash-page-start/index.html
    
 Day 9: Mar 1, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did my morning reading of Clean Code: don't leave useless comments, and make a function for everything! 
  - Thoughts: Glad I got a little coding in after music tonight. I'm pooped, I need to learn more, and I hope this all works out.... 
  
 Day 10: Mar 2, 2018
  - Today's Progess: Clean Code - Don't write dumb comments. MDN - advanced tables.zzzz 
  - Thoughts: Wish I had more time to work today... need to finish HTML...
  
 Day 11: Mar 3, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Moved on from HTML to CSS.
  - Thoughts: Tables look like a giant waste of time! There has got to be a better way. The CSS practice seems like a good idea, but really, I'm aiming to be comfortable enough to do the wiki and twitch projects! 
  
 Day 12: Mar 4, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did a CSS Type Setting tutorial. Concepts: ems, <a> link states, colors, web fonts.
  - Thoughts: My web design is so ugly... I'm a little ashamed... 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/f4f1ec63577ad018472d7336284827e7390e8b59/css/styling-text/typesetting-a-homepage-start/style.css
 
 Day 13: Mar 5, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Got into code narrative with Clean Code. Started styling CSS Boxes. Tweeted about Hipster Ipsum!
  - Thoughts: It was monday night, and students were over. Not much time to code.. :(
 
 Day 14: Mar 6, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Didn't get much done becaues of Jazz. Review CSS backgrounds
  - Thoughts: I am starting to make a social media splash :)
  
 Day 15: Mar 7, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Finished the MDN CSS Box tuts. Made a cool box and styled some letter head
  - Thoughts: applied for 2 jobs today, got a call back from a call center and hat is sorta funny :) 
  
 Day 16: Mar 8, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Read Ch. 6 in Clean Code: Objects and Data Structures. Also, had "lock-in" at school, so couldn't do anything in the evening. 
  - Thoughts: It is really hard to balance work with learning... Also, I am through 100pgs of Clean Code! 
  
 Day 17: Mar 9, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Watched some FreeCodeCamp videos about computer basics in order to get ready for CompApps class. Also, read ch. 7 in Clean Code: Error Handling.
  - Thoughts: Had to spend my evening sermon prepping, but at least I could read. I will probally have to read the whole book again, but at least I'm getting exposure?
  
 Day 18: Mar 10, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Worked on the final section for CSS on MDN: CSS Layout.
  - Thoughts: Can't wait to finally be geared up and renewed for javascript and document manipulation so I can finish my wiki-viewer and twitch page. I really want to move on with better JS, but I feel my lack of CSS and HTML understanding has been holding me back. 
  
 Day 19: Mar 11, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Finished the MDN CSS Tuts! Made a random number guessing game for MDN's first JS tut
  - Thoughts: Glad to finally be diving into JS, so I can get closer to feeling better about my front end workings
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/javascript/introduction-to-js-1/first-splash/number-guessing-game-start.html
 
 Day 20: Mar 12, 2028
  - Today's Progress: Did some JS review. 
  - Thoughts: glad this JS is starting to feel relavent to my FCC challenges.
  
 Day 21: Mar 13, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did the beginner MDN JavaScript challenges without cheating!! 
  - Thoughts: It is late, after community dinner and Jazz Anonymous Practice... I'm pooped. However, completing challenges does give me a lot of energy! 
 
 Day 22: Mar 14, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Happy PI Day. Finished MDN's first JS section complete with a silly (stupid) story generator. 
  - Thoughts: It is really easy to follow their instructions, but without their help, I slayed all of the replace() functions! 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/javascript/introduction-to-js-1/assessment-start/index.html
  
 Day 23: Mar 15, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Started MDN's JavaScript conditionals section. 
  - Thoughts: I hope that once I finish MDN, ill be able to make good headway on the FCC projects... 
  
  
  Day 24: Mar 16, 2018
   - Today's Progress: MDN's JS is going quick. Finished the JS building blocks section.
   - Thoughts: I had to cheat on a function return thing. Still not comfortable with that. However, the intro to events was the most helpful thing.

  Day 25: Mar 17, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished JS objects, now just need to do the assessment. Adding more event functions to balls... 
   - Thoughts: I decided to code one more section before bed instead of another episode of Mr. Robot. I call that a win
   
  Day 26: Mar 18, 2018
    - Today's Progress: Finished the bouncing balls MDN assessment and looked into APIs.
    - Thoughts: On the last stretch before I'm back to FCC projects. These MDN tuts are nice and informative, and have great scaffolding, but the FCC tuts will be more helpful for solidifying skills and building my profile.
    Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/tree/master/javascript/oojs/bouncing-balls
    
  Day 27: March 19, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished MDN DOM manipulation and am getting into ajax calls.
   - Thoughts: Thought I knew enough to finally work on my wiki page project... nope! 
   
  Day 28: March 20, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished the can-store script about fetch() and XHR client side APIs
   - Thoughts: I feel like I'm becoming more fluent in my debugging skillz, like this would have taken me a week only a month ago!
   - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/tree/master/javascript/apis/fetching-data/can-store

  Day 29: March 21, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Dipped into more third party api stuff with Google Maps. Also installed linux on hyper-v, effectively slowing my laptop to a halt... 
   - Thoughts: I was not as productive as I needed to be. But I am in a place where installing linux is fun, but is bad because it is a distraction! 
   
  Day 30: March 22, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished MDN's 3rd party API tuts with the NYT archive search
   - Thoughts: uninstalled VS 2015, took forever... I need a faster computer...
   
  Day 31: March 23, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Guests came today, at least I caught 2 episodes of Crash Course Comp Science! 
   - Thoughts: I love crash course!! I stole some time during lunch to watch an episode, and have been watching every morning during breakfast :)
    
  Day 32: March 24, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finally finished the FCC Wiki viewer!
   - Thoughts: Took forever. Couldn't figure out the best API call to do, though I'm more happy with my method than any of the others I saw. Also, couldn't figure out how to make my JS objects work with flexbox! Was it applied too late in the css?? 
   - https://codepen.io/mckelveygreg/full/aYyaXq/ 
   
  Day 33: March 25, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Worked with JS Canvas Drawing
   - Thoughts: Canvas is not my cup of tea... for now... 
    
  Day 34: March 26, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Stumbled through MDN's JS Video API tut, and caught 1 1/2 episodes of CrashCourse CompSci
   - Thoughts: It is so much harder to stay awake only reading without coding. Need to go back and actually code that example so I can try the challenge.
    
  Day 35: March 27, 2018
   - Today's Progress: ha!! Completed the JS videoPlayer scrubber challenge on my own by getting the bounds of the timer box, the location of my click, and setting the time off of that!
   - Thoughts: Felt great to overcome a little logic challenge. It makes me feel as if I'm starting to speak the language! 
   - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/tree/master/javascript/apis/video-audio/start

<!-- TEMPLATE FORM
### Day 0: February 30, 2016 (Example 1)
##### (delete me or comment me out)

**Today's Progress**: Fixed CSS, worked on canvas functionality for the app.

**Thoughts:** I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.

**Link to work:** [Calculator App](http://www.example.com)

### Day 0: February 30, 2016 (Example 2)
##### (delete me or comment me out)

**Today's Progress**: Fixed CSS, worked on canvas functionality for the app.

**Thoughts**: I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.

**Link(s) to work**: [Calculator App](http://www.example.com)


### Day 1: June 27, Monday

**Today's Progress**: I've gone through many exercises on FreeCodeCamp.

**Thoughts** I've recently started coding, and it's a great feeling when I finally solve an algorithm challenge after a lot of attempts and hours spent.

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Find the Longest Word in a String](https://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/find-the-longest-word-in-a-string)
2. [Title Case a Sentence](https://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/title-case-a-sentence)
-->

Commit message:

Day 36/37
Finished what i want from MDN, and started the Twitch viewer

log.md, after:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

I've finally decided to commit to commits on Github. I logged my first day on FreeCodeCamp on Jan 1, 2018, however, it is long past due of writing it all down.

Day 1: February 21, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Completed a portfolio I can be proud of, successfully got my weather app to change backgrounds by using the weather descriptions and a flickr API, got my tail handed to me on CodeClash, and dove into recursion on KhanAcademy
  (it's winter break :)
  - Thoughts: I struggle with mathy CS principles that are new and  with getting CSS to do what I want. I think I will do CodingGame CodeClash everyday in order to hone my skillz. I'm so happy I got my weather app finished!! 
  - Link to work: https://codepen.io/mckelveygreg/
  
 Day 2: February 22, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Actually finished a CodeClash! a simple if/then counter. Learned about merge sorting with Khan, started the wiki viewer project, spent some time on w3schools.com learning about forms, found movethewebforward.com, starting to dive into jquery with learn.jquery.com, finally decided I should write all this down so I forked 100daysofcode, learning how to use github
  - Thoughts: Khan is killin' me, but it is good to know the upper bounds of my CS limits, apparently w3schools.com sucks and is a scam so need to move on from them, learn.jquery.com looks promising, github is really confusing for the time being. 

 Day 3: February 23, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Worked through Khan's Quicksort Algorithms, lost a CodingClash about summing powers..., tried to get momentum on the FCC wiki viewer project, read ch. 1 and 2 of Clean Code
  - Thoughts: Khan is still over my head but it feels like good exposure, I need to give the wiki viewer a break till i understand more of what is going on for json/ajax
  
 Day 4: Feb 24, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Worked through MDN's HTML tuts and finished with their markup assessment.
  - Thoughts: I would like to make it through MDN's tuts, plus it is nice to feel like my practice is paying off... 
  - Link to Work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/html/introduction-to-html/marking-up-a-letter-start/letter-text.html
 
 Day 5: Feb 25, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Was able to do some work on SoloLearn's CSS tuts on a road trip up from Eugene.
  - Thoughts: Thank goodness for SoloLearn! They have really helped when I've been up a creek without access to my laptop!
 
 Day 6: Feb 26, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Loaded a bunch of plugin's to Visual Studio. Finished MDN's HTML with their Structuring a Page TUT. Also, had to retype the last few days because I forgot to save this log... :/
  - Thoughts: I'm liking working from a real IDE instead of doing everything just through codepen, despite it being so handy. I need to learn how to post my own stuff! 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/4d25e4d4d6ff8712d13a0db8aa341fe94a2c4dce/html/introduction-to-html/structuring-a-page-of-content-start/index.html

 Day 7: Feb 27, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Made it through MDN's multimedia and embeding tuts, just need to do the assesement.
  - Thoughts: I really hope this is time well spent. I'm getting much more fluent with HTML and the web, but I feel like i'm moving too slow... 
 
 Day 8: Feb 28, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did the MDN HTML multimedia and embeding assesement. Also read some clean code in the morning.
  - Thoughts: Glad I was able to get anything done after today's basketball game vs the students! Also, applied for a Reventure Job in Eugene... had to put my major as Education because Theology wasn't an option... 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/html/multimedia-and-embedding/mdn-splash-page-start/index.html
    
 Day 9: Mar 1, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did my morning reading of Clean Code: don't leave useless comments, and make a function for everything! 
  - Thoughts: Glad I got a little coding in after music tonight. I'm pooped, I need to learn more, and I hope this all works out.... 
  
 Day 10: Mar 2, 2018
  - Today's Progess: Clean Code - Don't write dumb comments. MDN - advanced tables.zzzz 
  - Thoughts: Wish I had more time to work today... need to finish HTML...
  
 Day 11: Mar 3, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Moved on from HTML to CSS.
  - Thoughts: Tables look like a giant waste of time! There has got to be a better way. The CSS practice seems like a good idea, but really, I'm aiming to be comfortable enough to do the wiki and twitch projects! 
  
 Day 12: Mar 4, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did a CSS Type Setting tutorial. Concepts: ems, <a> link states, colors, web fonts.
  - Thoughts: My web design is so ugly... I'm a little ashamed... 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/f4f1ec63577ad018472d7336284827e7390e8b59/css/styling-text/typesetting-a-homepage-start/style.css
 
 Day 13: Mar 5, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Got into code narrative with Clean Code. Started styling CSS Boxes. Tweeted about Hipster Ipsum!
  - Thoughts: It was monday night, and students were over. Not much time to code.. :(
 
 Day 14: Mar 6, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Didn't get much done becaues of Jazz. Review CSS backgrounds
  - Thoughts: I am starting to make a social media splash :)
  
 Day 15: Mar 7, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Finished the MDN CSS Box tuts. Made a cool box and styled some letter head
  - Thoughts: applied for 2 jobs today, got a call back from a call center and hat is sorta funny :) 
  
 Day 16: Mar 8, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Read Ch. 6 in Clean Code: Objects and Data Structures. Also, had "lock-in" at school, so couldn't do anything in the evening. 
  - Thoughts: It is really hard to balance work with learning... Also, I am through 100pgs of Clean Code! 
  
 Day 17: Mar 9, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Watched some FreeCodeCamp videos about computer basics in order to get ready for CompApps class. Also, read ch. 7 in Clean Code: Error Handling.
  - Thoughts: Had to spend my evening sermon prepping, but at least I could read. I will probally have to read the whole book again, but at least I'm getting exposure?
  
 Day 18: Mar 10, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Worked on the final section for CSS on MDN: CSS Layout.
  - Thoughts: Can't wait to finally be geared up and renewed for javascript and document manipulation so I can finish my wiki-viewer and twitch page. I really want to move on with better JS, but I feel my lack of CSS and HTML understanding has been holding me back. 
  
 Day 19: Mar 11, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Finished the MDN CSS Tuts! Made a random number guessing game for MDN's first JS tut
  - Thoughts: Glad to finally be diving into JS, so I can get closer to feeling better about my front end workings
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/javascript/introduction-to-js-1/first-splash/number-guessing-game-start.html
 
 Day 20: Mar 12, 2028
  - Today's Progress: Did some JS review. 
  - Thoughts: glad this JS is starting to feel relavent to my FCC challenges.
  
 Day 21: Mar 13, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Did the beginner MDN JavaScript challenges without cheating!! 
  - Thoughts: It is late, after community dinner and Jazz Anonymous Practice... I'm pooped. However, completing challenges does give me a lot of energy! 
 
 Day 22: Mar 14, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Happy PI Day. Finished MDN's first JS section complete with a silly (stupid) story generator. 
  - Thoughts: It is really easy to follow their instructions, but without their help, I slayed all of the replace() functions! 
  - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/blob/master/javascript/introduction-to-js-1/assessment-start/index.html
  
 Day 23: Mar 15, 2018
  - Today's Progress: Started MDN's JavaScript conditionals section. 
  - Thoughts: I hope that once I finish MDN, ill be able to make good headway on the FCC projects... 
  
  
  Day 24: Mar 16, 2018
   - Today's Progress: MDN's JS is going quick. Finished the JS building blocks section.
   - Thoughts: I had to cheat on a function return thing. Still not comfortable with that. However, the intro to events was the most helpful thing.

  Day 25: Mar 17, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished JS objects, now just need to do the assessment. Adding more event functions to balls... 
   - Thoughts: I decided to code one more section before bed instead of another episode of Mr. Robot. I call that a win
   
  Day 26: Mar 18, 2018
    - Today's Progress: Finished the bouncing balls MDN assessment and looked into APIs.
    - Thoughts: On the last stretch before I'm back to FCC projects. These MDN tuts are nice and informative, and have great scaffolding, but the FCC tuts will be more helpful for solidifying skills and building my profile.
    Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/tree/master/javascript/oojs/bouncing-balls
    
  Day 27: March 19, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished MDN DOM manipulation and am getting into ajax calls.
   - Thoughts: Thought I knew enough to finally work on my wiki page project... nope! 
   
  Day 28: March 20, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished the can-store script about fetch() and XHR client side APIs
   - Thoughts: I feel like I'm becoming more fluent in my debugging skillz, like this would have taken me a week only a month ago!
   - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/tree/master/javascript/apis/fetching-data/can-store

  Day 29: March 21, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Dipped into more third party api stuff with Google Maps. Also installed linux on hyper-v, effectively slowing my laptop to a halt... 
   - Thoughts: I was not as productive as I needed to be. But I am in a place where installing linux is fun, but is bad because it is a distraction! 
   
  Day 30: March 22, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished MDN's 3rd party API tuts with the NYT archive search
   - Thoughts: uninstalled VS 2015, took forever... I need a faster computer...
   
  Day 31: March 23, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Guests came today, at least I caught 2 episodes of Crash Course Comp Science! 
   - Thoughts: I love crash course!! I stole some time during lunch to watch an episode, and have been watching every morning during breakfast :)
    
  Day 32: March 24, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finally finished the FCC Wiki viewer!
   - Thoughts: Took forever. Couldn't figure out the best API call to do, though I'm more happy with my method than any of the others I saw. Also, couldn't figure out how to make my JS objects work with flexbox! Was it applied too late in the css?? 
   - https://codepen.io/mckelveygreg/full/aYyaXq/ 
   
  Day 33: March 25, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Worked with JS Canvas Drawing
   - Thoughts: Canvas is not my cup of tea... for now... 
    
  Day 34: March 26, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Stumbled through MDN's JS Video API tut, and caught 1 1/2 episodes of CrashCourse CompSci
   - Thoughts: It is so much harder to stay awake only reading without coding. Need to go back and actually code that example so I can try the challenge.
    
  Day 35: March 27, 2018
   - Today's Progress: ha!! Completed the JS videoPlayer scrubber challenge on my own by getting the bounds of the timer box, the location of my click, and setting the time off of that!
   - Thoughts: Felt great to overcome a little logic challenge. It makes me feel as if I'm starting to speak the language! 
   - Link to work: https://github.com/mckelveygreg/learning-area/tree/master/javascript/apis/video-audio/start
   
  Day 36: March 28, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Finished what I want from MDN, the client side storage doesn't seem relevant for the time being... time to move on to finish more FCC projects
   - Thoughts: MDN tuts are like dessert... time to go back to meat and potatoes.
   
  Day 37: March 29, 2018
   - Today's Progress: Made it half way through the twitch view app! 
   - Progress is so much faster now that I know both what I want and how to do it!

<!-- TEMPLATE FORM
### Day 0: February 30, 2016 (Example 1)
##### (delete me or comment me out)

**Today's Progress**: Fixed CSS, worked on canvas functionality for the app.

**Thoughts:** I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.

**Link to work:** [Calculator App](http://www.example.com)

### Day 0: February 30, 2016 (Example 2)
##### (delete me or comment me out)

**Today's Progress**: Fixed CSS, worked on canvas functionality for the app.

**Thoughts**: I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.

**Link(s) to work**: [Calculator App](http://www.example.com)


### Day 1: June 27, Monday

**Today's Progress**: I've gone through many exercises on FreeCodeCamp.

**Thoughts** I've recently started coding, and it's a great feeling when I finally solve an algorithm challenge after a lot of attempts and hours spent.

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Find the Longest Word in a String](https://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/find-the-longest-word-in-a-string)
2. [Title Case a Sentence](https://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/title-case-a-sentence)
-->
